Alright, just starting another running of requirements/blocks to do this. Just reiterating the Foundation for Online Computation and Knowledge Retriever System. It's a knowledge graph. You know there are tight relationships with strength to other nodes by default. Basically when I say #todo or #coldstorage, those are like super tags that determine how they're sorted. And then other relationships to other parts of documentation are mostly taken care of by agents.  The key thing is, the only thing that goes, I think we're going to call it cold storage for now. Cold storage is going to be those ideas or requirements that are just kind of idle musings. But the secret there is they're going to be in a workflow where not without approval. Like we'll need to design some sort of interface when we eventually get around to having an interface for this, but an interface that says, "Oh, well you said that you are currently having problems managing in cold storage. You're having problems managing your API keys, and that might be a good match for this project." And so that is actually going to be a section on the dashboard that matches these up and asks for my explicit approval. There'll be two tabs to that section:

 1. Just because it's so important will be cold storage items I mentioned
 2. A couple of when it found a note and it feels like it belongs in a different section. It's like, "Oh, we see this note, should we add this relationship, and we'll have to explicitly approve." 
You said:
The way we're going to start this out is by building it on Obsidian for the moment because it has so many of the pieces we need. We're going to try to use the Obsidian plugins we're going to use I think is going to be Breadcrumbs, I don't know, the advanced new data thing. I feel like DataView has a new implementation, so we'll do it like that. Eventually, it'll be a true graph database. I think we're going to end up with Neo4j at some point, so that's how that's going to work.   But a really important concept is: We're going to have to find a way to connect ChatGPT to this so it can make updates. Maybe we'll try using Notion instead. That's actually an open item because Notion has a lot of these pieces already. 
You said:
So now that we have Zo Computer to help us, I guess the tricky part is how we're going to get things from ChatGPT into Obsidian? chatgpt.com/the_mobile. It all comes back to actually building out that connector. 